Review																
 Everything from the weather	 staff	 food	 property	 fire pits	 décor	 spa	 rooms and beach were top notch									
"The hotel it is fantastic built by the sea, living together with nature. Environment it is great as well as people and service.
We full enjoyed the place, and facilities.
Thanks for the ""cidreira"" and ""madalenas"" tea at reception"																
One dream! Cozy  and comfortable Hotel!  The best personalized one! All the employees are congratulated! Very nice taste	 since reception to the end of the stay! We were welcome with tea and cake	 as I have gluten aversion		 all the employees already knew and were waiting carefully. At night	 we were received in the fire pits	 with some wine and all the guests were invited to participate and interact. 										
"Hotel concept is hard to grasp. They communicate environmental sustainability, through fashionable buzzwords like upcycling but they use pillows made out of duck feathers!?!
Pricing is utterly ridiculous, for what you get.
Breakfast has high-quality products, but it lacks in choice.
Service is friendly, although ""too friendly"" at times.
Overall experience was ok, but you can get much better alternatives for lower prices."																
This is a wonderful hotel	 for a romantic escape. Every room has a theme	 and is incredible	 overlooking the sea	 the sustainable concept of the hotel is excellent	 modern design	 the staff and owners will make your stay memorable! You will have to make a toast with the free red wine around the bonfire!										
Gold room fantastic. We loved and we will come back! 																
One of the best Hotels in the world	 and in the treatment is the best!!! Room Mi Ma Bo is fantastic! Poetry all over the place.        															
 Land Room is wonderful! An amazing place	 as something special. We have loved it and we hope to come back here soon!!        															
 One of the greatest meals ever. Everything was fantastic! Since the special attention in the treatment	 every single details thought about the room in order to create a cozy environment all over the place.         															
     A peaceful place	 built with a lot of taste and excellent service. Congratulations	 we will come back for sure.        														
     Thank you for a wonderful stay! Very sad to be going home!         																
     It's one of the most beautiful places we have been to - magical world. Speechless & full of grace… Thanks to the team of Areias do Seixo for this wonderful stay!        																
     Thanks for the stay in this wonderful Hotel.        																
     A five star stay	 starting by people to the stay itself. See you soon.        															
     One dream. Coming back again is not even a question. Yes	 loved the whole experience. The staff was excellent. Many congrats!   Only feedback would be to expand the cocktail selection.     															
Joana: thank you for being always available. Claudia: thank you for your grace and support Filipe: thank you for your smile and joy for life. Kiki: your bread is to die for and your care and through your green goddess juice was touching, as well as your presence and power. Leonardo: thank you for creative flair and for accommodating our special requests in a natural way making us feel at home. Maria: thank you for your senility in asking "May I enter?" and for always carrying a warm smile. Sergio: your cave and warmth was a gift    Our gratitude to you all for all that you give. Thank you Areas Do Seixo for all of your light, your giving, your spaciousness and timelessness. We felt genuinely cared for from a place of love and generosity, far beyond the call of duty. From the interior design to the food, from the sunlight to the connection with nature, everything seems to be riding on a very special energy. If Heaven now and then touches the Earth, it does at Areas Do Seixo.        																
     We had a truly memorable and delightful stay at Areas do Seixo. After some difficulty in finding it (GPS was helpful), we knew the moment we walked in that this was a special place. The sign for the turn off was quite small; the front door was locked, but immediately opened. Definitely a secluded retreat on a holiday weekend (we checked in on Jan. 1). The seating at the check in desk was swings. Below the clear floors was water. Through the windows you could see the grass roofs of the below-street-level rooms. Each room is unique, we were told. Ours featured a bathroom with a sunken tub/shower, a window for a ceiling, an olive tree growing, and a fireplace. You get the idea. It may not be for everyone, but for us, we got our money's worth. We appreciate innovation, design, beauty, and seclusion. Areas do Seixo had it all. Look at the photos and see if it might be for you too. It is a splurge for sure. But they deliver. For us, Post Ranch Inn in Big Sur, California is the only place that has come close. One note: thank goodness for TripAdvisor's quote service - we found the room only on Despegar.com, which we found from TripAdvisor.        																
"     We were totally charmed by the Hotel. A unique place, a magical atmosphere that invite relax and relax! A real change of scenery! We were impressed by the architecture of the hotel and its total integration with nature. The Neha Crotchet room was absolutely perfect  with a sublime decoration (as in the whole hotel). Breakfast was delicious and balanced, very fresh and varied. The same for the restaurant. We went impressed by the quality of the products, their freshness, beautiful tasty and original dishes. The staff either at reception as in the restaurant was lovely. We thank the kitchen staff for offering bread that we could bring home. The floral massage spa was very nice and full. And yoga was top! In short, it was an unforgettable experience in a magical place. We will come back, for sure! We also loved the music played in the hotel, what is your playlist? 
Another big thank you for all the team!         "																
 A lovely and warm place	 food from the professional Chef Leonardo Pereira	 with a lot of good surprises	 unexpected and keeping up with a careful explanation. Enjoyed particularly the desserts	 but also noting the main course and the entries.        Nice service	 maybe a little scattered.     											
     Is	 without any doubt	 an amazing place	 with a sophisticated and fine décor	 without forgetting about comfort. The unpretentious environment	 cozy	 quiet and with a fantastic view	 it allows us to relax and enjoy a whole unique experience.          For our deception	 we couldn't enjoy a night well seeped	 caused by the constant noise of the fireplace	 due to the wind night. We have tried to stop the noise without success and the noise just stopped in the morning. Despite this to be an amazing hotel to all levels (excellent service	 comfort	 kindness	 décor	 location	 etc.) this type of things as to be taken into account	 as we can come back or recommend this hotel. If to rest properly we depend on weather or it was just in our room? (7 senses room)
"     
""Once in a while one can find excellent 5* hotels, well located, clean, comfortable and with all the amenities. We've found and enjoyed some of these around the world. Not so often you come across hotels that go beyond this and make you question everything else you've seen and experienced. This is one of them. 
The photos on the site surely don't express all the attention to detail and the harmony in the choices, the simplicity of the materials and the smell of natural essences all around. The care we received as guests and all the personalized treats made us feel at home among friends and in our opinion rank this hotel as one of the best, relaxed places in Portugal and in the world, and a sure return destination.""        "																
 A magical place! Every single detail seems to be well thought. Spend the night there and have dinner in the restaurant	 the food was nice	  but the order took a bit to arrive. The service was very nice.       The order took a bit to arrive. The price is considered high	 but in this fantastic hotel it is forgiven.     													
 The restaurant, under the command of Chef Leonardo Pereira, who worked several years in "Nomad" in Dina mark is absolutely wonderful. Food is made with a lot of love and respect for nature. They have their own garden, where ingredients are taken. Amazing, delicious, tasty food, which makes us happier every time a dish is served.     We went to the Hotel Areas do Seixo to have lunch in the restaurant…When we arrive we have notice the modern architecture, clean and extremely cozy. The place has an amazing energy, which makes us to look on every single detail. A unique service, people from all over the world working and interact though guests. This place makes us to feel like we are in our friend's homes. I want to come back to this magical place.        																
 Considering the entire experience	 it is different from any other and a very pleasant one! Nice service	 the dishes are prepared with ingredients which we are not used to in our daily life's.     Fantastic décor!  Expensive     														
 Areas do Seixo is a magical place. The restaurant makes part of it	 but it is not the best one. To experience in a special occasion. Very nice service.            															
     My co-workers loved this place and its service! Congratulations! Next time it will be really hard to find a place that could overcome this one!! Some of them even ask if they decide to go on a personal weekend you could make a special price. One more time a big thank!        																
 Food very original and genuine	 healthy and tasteful.   I recommend the spa for the quality of its treatments. Unique hotel	 with a unexpected location	 across the dunes and the sea. An extreme well-tasted place	 relax service and well personalized	 bold design	 fitting perfectly in the nature. Very spacious rooms	 with a cozy décor and dreamful bathrooms. A magnify place to be in a romantic environment	 with details full of charm. It was a magical stay	 very special. To come back one day.        							
 In the restaurant	 the tasting menu takes us to the garden	 considering the flavors that Chef Leonardo and his team prepare us.    A perfect combination	 considering relax	 pleasure	 beauty and gastronomy	 in a fantastic atmosphere. Cozy	 and with cold it feels very nice a couple of tea and watch the sea across the fireplace.        									
"     Dear Areas do Seixo team: we have no words to describe the wonderful place, magically decorated and the nicest customer service - I guess we dare say, a 'family-type' service, since all of you welcomed us as greatly as possible, in such a warm and elegant style.
We hope that this project and team continue to grow, but always keeping the warmth that only a boutique and charming hotel like this can offer.
Thank you very much for a memorable stay, please accept our most sincere greetings       "																
      Everything good. To repeat one day	 for sure. And also recommend.        															
"     The hotel is in its whole a fantastic experience. Beautiful architecture, interior décor absolutely fascinating, full of little details standing for difference. The staff is extremely nice and with excellent skills in guests communication (police, nice and discrete). With any doubts an experience to repeat. 
Last note, we loved the cinema room. Excellent film selection and excellent idea.   One think not as good, it was the restaurant. It took too long to the order to arrive (the employee come to apologize constantly), the monkfish come already cold and the quality/price relation is a bit unbalanced.     Starting by the best parts, the noise in Jasmin room. The fire place was all night making noises making it hard to sleep. If when we have put pillows to avoid the sound. We took several house to fall asleep, and didn't rest properly. We have just slept 3 hours and just after the wind noise go away. After that we were awake for the employees with the breakfast to the next room.
The doors don't isolate the sound as they should, we have heard the employees to  whisper. The next time I consider to make a reservation I will demand a quiet room ( with shame because the room is gorgeous)."																
 The restaurant is excellent	 nice food.    Beautiful	 romantic	 nice…A nice experience	 highly recommended. The staff is very nice. The room Neha Crotchet is wonderful	 with a fireplace to warm in the coldest nights	 as we went in January. Cozy and with a nice décor. To repeat.        										
     After a long wait (my reservation was done back in September)	 we couldn't have a better experience... from lye moment we walked in to lye moment we left	 I can only remember joy	 smiles	 serenity	 beauty	 beautiful architecture	 beautiful landscapes	 good taste	 wonderful and different flavors (what a Chef	 what a kitchen)... simply magic! Everyone should have the right	 one day	 to be served at Areas do Seixo.         				
     In general	 everything  good and worthy	 the hotel and its surroundings.        The price just for one night is very high	 in my opinion it is not a fair value. It was if we consider 2 nights. I would consider to repeat the experience if the prices fall down. Besides that fact	 I don't find any more weaknesses.												
 Enjoyed particularly the dinner. Great chef.    We are grateful  for this stay        																
     My wife and I want to thank for the way you treat us	 not only for the professional work and kindness	 but also for the authentic way you did it.  I take the time to great you for the wonderful place you built	 for the boldness in doing something really top and different	 with quality addressed in every corner...as my opinion in Tripadvisor	 one day	 at least one day	 everyone should have the right to visit and be served in Areas do Seixo. Hope that life allows a see you soon	 one day.        								
    I bless for Marta from SPA, one of the best massages I have ever had. My stay has overcome expectations, the hotel is fantastic, dedicated staff and passion for their jobs. An experience to repeat in this unique and different place. Congrats to all for the excellent work, quality and kindness. You can improve the use of "Villas", creating conditions for people to reserve it in the future.         																
      We have spent wonderful days	 with the company of the sound of the sea and fire from the fireplace. Special and beautiful moments	 with total rest.       														
      Areas do Seixo is a realization of one dream	 and with your dream I found my dream.       															
     A magical and perfect place. Everything 5 stars	 since hospitality to décor. One place to come back and remember.        															
     Magical place	 fantastic view	 atmosphere	 lovely service	 great food. Brilliant room	 what's not to like! Don't go changing.        											
 Chef Leonardo Pereira amazing    No words. Unique experience. Silver room amazing/magical. Unforgettable playlist. To conclude we will come back.        																
 We loved Chef's dinners.   We loved Marta's massage. Fantastic refugee and so close from Lisbon. We enjoyed everything! The room	 the view	 the playlist	 the kindness of all	 no exceptions! We will come back	 for sure!!!        											
 Please tell Leonardo to keep experimenting with the food. He is an artist with the food.    Thank you for a wonderful experience and a fantastic introduction to Portugal. The entire experience was magical - the room	 the ground	 the food. We can't wait to return.        														
     Congratulations to the amazing place	 excellent service and great experience. Very cozy and familiar service	 with a well chosen playlist. No doubt	 an experience to repeat. Greetings to all.        													
     From all eco-sustainable hotels we know, this one, is without any doubts, the best "eco", familiar, fitting perfectly in the nature, since food until the entire place itself. Congratulations, and good luck.        																
     Dear all of you! Now we are sitting here at your beautiful place, having our last breakfast (…for now…) and we remember the last days and want to say "Thank you" to all of you, to each of you, for all your warm and caring hospitality in every moment of our stay. We will remember you and wish you all the very best! Hope to see you again.        																
     Despite the short stay in this fantastic hotel	 it was well proved its value. The spa	 the décor	 we won't see this quality every day. We will come back soon to enjoy even better.        													
     Our stay here couldn't have been pleasant! The hotel focus on excellence	 since the bread to décor. When I think Areas do Seixo is only complements	 perfect combination of charm and picturesque.        														
  To Daniela you make this place a cozy and relaxing place.  A special thank you to the staff who served and cooked for us at dinner. To Gilberto	 you make this place a cozy and relaxing place.    This is probably the most beautiful hotel I have ever stayed by far. I loved the view	 the architecture	 the concept	 but most of all the people who looked after us. Their service and kindness was unforgettable. Thank you for your stories. I loved the wind and the sound of the rooster. Hope to come back one day with my family.
     A magical placefull of symbols and special touches	 which makes us to feel calm and serene. A very personalized treatment	 where details are taken to the next level. We feel this place like our home	 where we belong and feel alive and loved. Beautiful	 cozy	 romantic	 brilliant	 special	 tasty	 warm and full...
     Excellent place	 with kindness and nice people.        															
     Magnify! We loved everything. Every single detail	 the space	 décor	 amazing staff. Congrats to all the team. We want to come back.        													
     So close from home we have found a place of excellence	 peace and calm with a lot of quality.        															
     Magical place…so relaxing that transport us to another dimension. We loved every single detail. Congratulations. We will come back and recommend.        																
     A paradise! We enjoyed everything! Considering every tasteful detail. A wealthy to enjoy with all senses.        																
     A unique experience. All very nice. A place to rest and to stay forever to rebuilt yourself and be in harmony with nature and each others.        																
     We enjoyed on sanctuary, in this amazing hotel; great food; great views, totally relaxed; a gem in the middle of nowhere, very relaxed staff, that knows how to make you feel at home, and great design; we loved the infusions prepared fresh from the herb garden.        																
     Nice to know that so close from Lisbon there is such a magical place	 where we are spoiled by the surroundings and by the people. A place to come back and remember.        															
     Thank you for the grace	 love + passion with which you have made my stay so wonderful. I look forward to return in June.        															
     Nice hand beautiful place! Tastes	 flavors and sensations. Also kind and cozy people…we also want to come back soon.        															
     A hotel that rivals with any other wonderful hotel across the world.        																
